Adding search externalConnections get. Closes #3169 (#3173)
pnp/cli-microsoft365: docs/docs/cmd/search/externalconnection/externalconnection-get.md

# search externalconnection get

Retrieves an external connection for Microsoft Search by Id or Name.

## Usage

```sh
m365 search externalconnection get [options]
```

## Options

`-i, --id [id]`

> : Developer-provided unique ID of the connection within the Azure Active Directory tenant

Reviewer: Let's adjust this a bit so that it's more relevant in the context of the `get` command. The way it sounds now, it's more like something we'd say in context of an `add` command

```suggestion
: ID of the connection to retrieve. Specify either `id` or `name` but not both
``

> : Developer-provided unique ID of the connection within the Azure Active Directory tenant

Reviewer: Let's mention that we expect people to specify either id or name

`-n, --name [name]`

> : The display name of the connection to be displayed in the Microsoft 365 admin center. Maximum length of 128 characters

Reviewer: Let's adjust this a bit so that it's more relevant in the context of the `get` command. The way it sounds now, it's more like something we'd say in context of an `add` command

```suggestion
: Display name of the connection to retrieve. Specify either `id` or `name` but not both
```
